Hahahaha
Ah!
So let's all back up.
Zhao Yang's savings and funeral expenses
You two split it equally?
My brother's house is sold for money, and we have three bedrooms and five cents.
What do you say?
If it doesn't make sense
Just sign a separate agreement on this property
This is my dad's house. I'm not selling it
Hey, Tingting, this has nothing to do with you.
Damn, do you sell it or not?
Yes, you child's family
What are you doing with this house sale?
This house was the last thing my dad wanted
I don't agree?
Li Na, take care of your child and don't let him talk nonsense
Tingting is also a child of your old Zhao family
Promise to let your old Zhao family take it back
Why?
Ah, this Ray is not for us
Please be a girl
Married is an outsider
Our old Zhao family has no obligation to take care of it.
Li Na, you are the mother of the child.
How should the child be brought?
Why divide the property?
You all come to take care of the children
I'm the only one taking it.
I can do it myself.
Then Zhao Yang's house and property will all belong to me
The house and property are all yours
What about us?
I don't know which brother you want to give the money to.
So spend
I don't want your child anymore.
If you don't want it, don't want it.
What does this have to do with me?
Hey, don't look at me.
Our old Zhao family has no obligation to support you.